Add AI HAT+ documentation and introduce new AI software section (#3893)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/accessories/ai-hat-plus/about.adoc

[[ai-hat-plus]]
== About

.The 26 tera-operations per second (TOPS) Raspberry Pi AI HAT+
image::images/ai-hat-plus-hero.jpg[width="80%"]

The Raspberry Pi AI HAT+ add-on board has a built-in Hailo AI accelerator compatible with
Raspberry Pi 5. The NPU in the AI HAT+ can be used for applications including process control, security, home automation, and robotics.

> The AI HAT+ is available in 13 and 26 tera-operations per second (TOPS) variants, built around the Hailo-8L and Hailo-8 neural network inference accelerators. The 13 TOPS variant can handle workloads similar to the xref:ai-kit.adoc[AI Kit]. The 26 TOPS variant can run larger networks, can run networks faster, and can more effectively run multiple networks simultaneously.

Author: ```suggestion
The AI HAT+ is available in 13 and 26 tera-operations per second (TOPS) variants, built around the Hailo-8L and Hailo-8 neural network inference accelerators. The 13 TOPS variant works best with moderate workloads, with performance similar to the xref:ai-kit.adoc[AI Kit]. The 26 TOPS variant can run larger networks, can run networks faster, and can more effectively run multiple networks simultaneously.
```
